[Docs][Forms] Updating Forms docs (#9038)
elastic/eui: packages/website/docs/components/forms/index.mdx

Author: There are 2 more first level pages like this proposal, **Data Grid** and **Tables** have also a dedicated page. I see the benefits it can give but I also agree this is more content we add. Let me know if we want to remove any first level entry point content or it's a pattern we can use.

# Forms

## Form layouts

> You can set the layout of your form controls and manage some of their behavior with some of these [form layout](./layouts/guidelines.mdx) components.

Reviewer: **nit:**
```suggestion
You can use these [form layout](./layouts/guidelines.mdx) components to arrange your form controls and control certain aspects of their behavior.
```
